Previous part, I told you how the package works so backwards is just dividing the data into small,
small fragments, you can say, to perform different data actions on the network.
So we are going to capture that whole part using Java.
But first step is we are going to check our client is connected to that port or not.
So I'm considering two random friends.
I'm not considering very common plans.
So I will tell you what is these things and all the things.
So as this is all network security, what we can check, we have to check our client is connected to
code or not or it's online or not.
So for that purpose, what I'm going to create, I'm going to create here one class I already created,
one project name as new monitor.
And I'm going to create one class here as native monitor, net monitor.
So let me check.
Okay.
Plus, hit enter.
It will automatically create your own class.
No.
Now what I'm going to put here, private string.
So I'm going to declare here features source, target and pooled source.
I'm considering.
Source.
So let me minimize this cocaine.
And this is my source.
So I use a shortcut to repeat that length target.
Our import is not strong.
Cool.
So these are my old private strings.
Or you can say private details here.
I'm considering.
Now, let me put here.
The public static void main.
But we've said it.
Werman So let me put.
I mean, and these are my.
Peter writes, here I am considering.
Little.
Mostly it's private data because I'm not not going to invoke it later.
So let us consider it as a private.
So now I'm using here some command line arguments to use some command line arguments we have if I'm
going to put files.
So if ARGs, which is basically arguments.
No, not.
Lent.
Is he not equal to?
Three is not equal to three.
What I'm going to perform here is I need to display a few things here.
I'm going to display.
Which is basically a very common thing you can check, which is.
What I'm going to do is system dot dot println first
compile java code using.
Jack.
So I'm using your combined command line things directly.
System, dot, dot, print and then.
Use Java.
So for my thing, what here is Java.
The name is net monitor.
Class Name.
Net monitor dot java.
Basically.
And also.
Java command.
I will tell you how we are going to use here then.
Source is.
So let me put like this a of source IP.
Then.
Destination IP.
Paul.
So this is our basic command.
If you are not using this, we are we have to perform these.
Just written this, this.
So it will return all the things in the command line if you are not performing or if you are not putting
these.
So these things are done.
Now let me create your net monitor.
And more than you can look and put in your hand as my object, we put in a monitor, so you net monitor.
So this is my little object class.
Object.
Let me tell you this.
What is this?
How?
Come on is going to work.
So this is how the command is going to work.
We are going to use here.
So I'm using here same the command prompt directly as my directing here.
So let me put m dot set source, get source.
These are some things here you can use.
So set source, set source source sources.
Very what I'm going to put here.
I was zero.
So what I'm going to do, I'm sitting here like my arse is not armed zero to this point or I will create
one set or set target every method a year later.
But let me put this first, because this is very important.
Stargate argument is one.
Your argument is two.
It's like everything in Java.
Arguments, command line arguments.
So it's started from zero 1 to 3 and I will create that part later and start.
That's my common method.
So I will tell you how it's going to work and everything else so we can perform it later with sets,
swords and everything.
Oh.
So let me perform two or three things here, which is basically one private void.
So again, it's main method only.
Or you can lose this method if you want to use such beautiful things or brackets, you can use it in
brackets.
It's one plugin in it.
So let me create one.
But I would.
Lloyd Webber, May 30 CET.
Source.
Our method is set.
Source
as.
I'm going to create here string s now.
Same source we see.
So I'm assigning this source to this all over set source method.
Then I need one set port.
But before that I need to create static method because I haven't created any start method.
So let me create one private void.
Start.
Which is very common method.
It's a starting method.
Or we can say direct method throws unknown host exception.
So.
Unknown.
Post exception and Iowa exception, which is very common thing, are your exception.
Because if there is a exception, we need to perform this.
Similarly, for this start method, you need to throw your.
On the moon.
Post exception.
And you need to throw.
Are you exceptional exception.
So now everything is done.
So let me put here one timer why a timer is needed.
So I will create that part in later new time.
Let me invoke this thing.
So if you check all utilities basically for the timing part, let me put it this time so you can create
your own time.
Working in Java always put false here because never stop.
So it will invoke this command again and again and again and again sometimes to check the activity of
source and destination again.
So it's not like we are done with some part.
We need to put this to schedule.
We need to create schedule.
Now it's time task.
So let me tell you how it's going to work.
We need to create one new test connect so task.
It's very.
Commenting here, Flextronics.
So actually it's.
It's iconic.
So it's not.
Let me check whether it's working or not.
X chromosome.
Oh, and.
It's just because I need to.
Perform it again and again.
So I need to use this.
So.
I will create that test task later, which is basically timer task.
And the common thing is your text.
So task is nothing, but it's very.
You can say robust steam to create sockets and everything, ports and litter and binding that part.
So now I'm going to create.
So let me put here.
A sane source.
Let's turn.
Same old.
So similar, Mr. Lloyd said.
All I'm going to perform here in be.
Or is equal to P.
Which I already told you how we are going to put here and
assign.
Eight.
So again, private void.
Set a target string.
I'm going to create here target.
I'm going to be target is equal.
So now we are done with this part.
So why?
What is remaining thing is basically our class over text.
So class which is basically subclass here you can consider.
And currently, which is I'm using.
Public class monitor, not these things.
So I need to invoke that part also.
So in this only I'm going to create one subclass.
You can copy this.
They asked us.
I will tell you, what is this test run show and what is its exchange?
Actually, timer task or.
Premier Rust.
So.
I will tell you how we are going to perform each and every thing.
But first, remember, it's based on trust and which is going to work here.
So it's showing me the error because I'm not implementing any.
Done methods here.
So let me run one method public.
Right.
So now you can check.
It's overriding this.
So lights from the air support.
Support in industry.
Oh, I have to change this part, so I will change it later.
Basically nothing.
But I will tell you how I'm going to put your report and everything.
It should be so.
Teacher when you.
Oh, which is basically it's going to take the integer value of these arguments.
Or it should be in private.
In private, and it should be not.
You know, you can check the same.
Okay.
So basically arguments is always the string part, non integer part.
So there might be errors.
So in the next part, I'm going to implement this run method and I'm going to declare this.
Hope you understand this.
Thank you.